hello with you sunshine cute
boys is good but agree
much better when these guys are also
good to my like for example blowing to give and
today we arrived at their concert for
again to make sure that the night
if you reach the goal and learn their secret
Success was a presentation from late April
new album duet ducky usually
such an event especially
exciting for artists and let
today's concert is not the first
music album is not the last I
decided to ask the guys what are they
feel today nick and judy lived
today yes yes some small and then
stressful moments before the concert not
always have to be started just lose
grasp and like saying mike tyson fear
this is also a useful thing they need green
the main to know how to manage is here
it helps to help prepare
a little bit yes somehow cheer up and give out
she herself is scared before going on stage
but as soon as the song begins
flying away courage courage and as yet
group give open freedom
It is worth noting that on the Russian stage
full of beautiful and good singing boys
however, the duck Dacian position does not give up and
constantly repeats more
audience
From this it is easy to conclude that
guys have something that answers
these are other artists
and what I think just here
some kind of internal component they
all probably yes yes yes what happens in
your music first of all because
many really are somehow just
they sing beautifully and look good
it is what to do in the future pc
some plans they just can't
to build because they do not understand therefore
not everyone is born for this
work to achieve success in music
definitely hard you should not just want
This sitting on the couch and actively work
above yourself and your creativity
but still I was sure that you were measuring and
Cyril has its secrets to achieve
success and they certainly know what is needed
sing to conquer listeners in general
many most people are still a poet
love is itself common
a couple of songs but we think and think
now we won't 5 we love now
watch 5 animals
ladies
recently went to the zoo new style
can you hear but we can see
eat and something about animals
let me believe then initially this
must have been the songs of the fighter we will kill
other body mate
striving forward here is the most important
a recipe for success for good reason say no
limit of perfection but unfortunately
There are limits to our report and it's time
say goodbye to you was the sun yet